# Bokeh.jl

[Julia](http://julialang.org) bindings for [Bokeh](http://bokeh.pydata.org/en/latest/).

# Instalation

Once you're installed julia simple run 

    Pkg.add("Bokeh")

From the julia terminal.

<!-- TODO: Gallery with some bling here -->

# Examples

Bokeh.jl's usage and capacities are best demonstrated with examples.

### Hello World

[view](examples/hello_world.html)

This is about the simplest example. By default autoopen is false so we set it to `true` here
so the plot is opened in your default browser as soon as we call `plot`.

    using Bokeh

    autoopen(true)

    x = linspace(0, 2pi)
    y = sin(x)
    plot(x, y)

### Functions

[view](examples/functions.html)

Bokeh.jl tries hard to share it's interface with [TextPlots.jl]() particularly for functions.

    using Bokeh

    plotfile("functions.html")

    plot(sin) # this uses the default range of -10 to 10
    plot(sin, 0:20)
    # the two plots above won't be shown since we haven't set hold, see below

    plot([sin, cos, tan, sinh, cosh, tanh], -1:1)
    showplot()

* We've used `plotfile` to stipulate the name of the html file generated by showplot
* Here we didn't set `autoopen(true)` so we've manually prompted bokeh to create and display the plot

### Colours and Simple Glyphs

[view](TODO)

In the example above you'll notice we've passed a vector of functiosn to plot. Similar we can pass
a jagged array (vector of vectors) or matrix to plot each column.

    using Bokeh

    plotfile("simple_glyphs.html")

    x = linspace(0, 2pi)
    y1 = sin(x)
    y2 = cos(x)
    y3 = tan(x)
    plot([y1 y2 y3]) # since we haven't passed x this would use the range 1:50

    plot(x, [y1 y2 y3], "rs|bo|g*")
    showplot()

* You'll notice in the previous example that we plotted multiple lines so Bokeh.jl invented colours
and effects for each one. Here instead we've set the colours and glyphs manually, in this case `sin`
is displayed as red squares, `cos` as blue circles and `tan` as green stars. For a full list of glyphs and colours, check [the code](TODO).
* Here we used a Matrix rather than a jagged array, see below for an example
of a jagged array

### Hold and Multiple Plots

[view](TODO)

You can use hold to call `plot` multiple times and combine the results in one display.

    using Bokeh

    x = linspace(-3pi, 3pi)
    y1 = cos(x)
    plot(x,y1)

    hold(true)

    y2 = sin(x)./x
    plot(x, y2, "r")
    showplot()

### Legend

[view](TODO)

    using Bokeh
    autoopen(true)

    plotfile("legend.html")

    y1 = [-10:10].^2
    y2 = [-10:10].^3
    plot([y1 y2], legends=["x^2", "x^3"], legendsgo=:bottom_right)

* By default plots go top left but here we've put it bottom left as neither `x^2` nor `x^3` go there.

### Custom Glyphs

[view](TODO)

### Jagged Arrays

[view](TODO)

Julia much prefers matrices to Jagged arrays (vectors of vectors), however in certain situatoins
they can be very useful, eg. where you want some lines to have more points on them than others.

In this situation you can use `Vectors` of type `Vector`. 